Don't display destructive upgrades any more. (#1501)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Removed the ability to manaully upgrade databases from the context menu on databases. Databases are non-destructively upgraded automatically so 
>   for most users this was not needed. For advanced users this is still available in the command pallette. [#1501](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1501)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the ability to manually upgrade databases from the context menu on databases. Databases are non-destructively upgraded automatically so 
  for most users this was not needed. For advanced users this is still available in the Command Palette. [#1501](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1501)
```
